Here's a quick roadmap of the things I plan to do in the future + some things to keep in mind

My todo list:
1. I want to add much more functionality to the matchmaking system, with things like custom rooms, premature starts, custom timers, custom player limits,
etc. 
2. I want to make every server have it's separate file for data, in a separate folder. This is not much of a big deal because for now the dataset file is
small, but I imagine that if it were big, loading all of it every time a commands is used could be really bad.
3. I really want to remake the radar chart. There's a memory leak there somewhere and I couldn't get it fixed 100% yet, just made it far less
severe for now.
4. I want to find a way to make for more interactive things with users, things and commands feel really static as of right now.
5. I really want to make my own version of daily alarms and make it not dependent on AlarmBot anymore. I feel that this would remove a lot of unnecessary complications
and complexity from the codebase and from the daily reminder system, all while making it more reliable, less error-prone and faster.
6. Some minor changes to things like timers and reminders.

But I won't get around to doing those things just yet. My worries are related to longevity of the Tetris Mobile game itself, most players have left the game
already due to the lack of replayability or new things, and I'm unsure how the new studios (PLAYSTUDIOS) that bought the rights to Tetris Mobile will do
with the game. I imagine that by the time they replace the current app with the new one they say they're making, many of the features in the bot will become
obsolete and will have to be removed. And if they remove the teams entirely, that's the bot gone. I don't want to spend too much time into something that
could end up getting shot down immediately, so I'll wait for their actions.

I also just want to clarify that the purpose of this repository existing is to work as a sort of emergency backup and also for tracking progress and ideas.

-PyrooKil
